No time to dance ’cause I’m inventing
No time to sing ’cause I’m inventing
Don’t care ’bout my gig ’cause I’m inventing
’Cause I'm gonna be the King of Inventors
No time to dance ’cause I’m inventing
No time to sing ’cause I’m inventing
Don’t care about the concert ’cause I’m inventing
’Cause I'm gonna be the King of Inventors
Dancing Edison, Self-esteem
Singing Edison, Edison dream
Since I was a child
I’ve been listening to house music
I listen to my liked playlists
When I dig the track, I DJ at the club
When I open the PC,
It’s time for DTM – the app is Ableton Live
But what I wanna make now is the gramophone
A party act in the school club
The band that we started on a whim
Trended by chance and now a major debut
For some reason now I’m a lost musician
Dancing Edison, Self-esteem
Singing Edison, Edison dream
From YouTube, I get my 1% of inspiration
Through social media, the inventors take communication
The post is aimed to trend on Instagram
Collecting information through the news on the web
No doubt about it, moving pictures gonna be the new big thing
No time to dance ’cause I’m inventing
No time to sing ’cause I’m inventing
Don’t care about the concert ’cause I’m inventing
’Cause I'm gonna be the King of Inventors
Dancing Edison, Self-esteem
Singing Edison, Edison dream